
Assignment by Adwaith H Sivam (2018MT60777) & Pranaav (2018MT60786)

Aim -
	We were assigned to do a query from the last assignment of last semesters COL106 using CUDA.
	The assignment involved a mesh with triangles and two triangles where considered connected if they share a common edge.
	We chose to do the following queries.

	1.is Connected -
		To determine whether a given pair of triangles are connected by a path.
	2.Number of Connected Components -
		A connected component is a set of triangles connected to each other by a path and not connected to any other triangle.
		To determine the number of all such connected components.

Our Implementation
	The triangles where stored in a vector and their adjacency lists were stored in a vector of vectors.
	The adjacency list has the id-s (position in the vector) of the triangle.
	For faster look up, std::map was used to store the points and the id-s of triangles the respective point belonged to.
	std::unordered_map was not used because hashing floats may cause problems due to error in the values.
	
	To copy to the GPU, the adjacency lists were combined in to a single array 'adj' by keeping them one after the other.
	The starting points of each of these adjacency list was stored in another array 'nov'.
	
	1.is Connected -
		This was done using breadth first traversal starting from the first triangle.
		The frontier and visited triangles were maintained using boolean arrays 'f' and 's' in the GPU of the length of number of triangles.
		Initially, only the source triangle was in frontier and visited. 
		Each thread takes care of each triangle. If it was in the frontier, it's neighbours which are not in visited are added to the frontier.
		The kernel is launched in a loop till the frontier became empty or till the second triangle was visited.
		A flag was used to check if the frontier is empty by checking if any new vertex was added to it.
		
	2.Number of Connected Components -
		This was done by coloring all triangles with a color equal to their id. 
		Then changing the color of triangles with low-colored neighbours.
		For this an array 'col' with colors of each triangle.
		And boolean arrays 'f' and 'nf' to maintain frontier and new frontier was used.
		frontier consists of triangles whose color has not yet been fixed.
		Initially all triangles are in the frontier.
		Each thread takes care of each triangle. If the triangle was in the frontier, we loop through all its neighbours 
		and use atomicMin to change the color of it's neighbour if it has a larger color.
		The triangle's color is also changed in case we find a neighbour with smaller color.
		Triangles whose color was just changed are added to the new frontier.
		After the kernel the new fronier and fronter are swapped.
		The kernel is launched in a loop till the new frontier became empty.
		A flag was used to check if the new frontier is empty by checking if any new vertex was added to it.
		Finally another kernel was launched to count all triangles with color equal to their id usind atomicAdd.
		
		